Include waiting time at beginning and end in TransitGeneralizedCostFilter (#4188)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: docs/RouterConfiguration.md

| `groupedOtherThanSameLegsMaxCostMultiplier` | Filter grouped itineraries, where the non-grouped legs are more expensive than in the lowest cost one.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | double          | `2.0` (2x cost)                                                  |

> | `transitGeneralizedCostLimit`               | A relative limit for the generalized cost for transit itineraries. The filter compares all itineraries against other itineraries. If the generalized cost is higher than the linear function applied to the generalized-cost of any other itinerary plus the `intervalRelaxFactor` times the time between either arrival or destination times, whichever is greater, the itinerary is dropped. Non-transit itineraries is excluded from the filter. To set a filter function to be _1 hour plus 2 times cost_ use: `3600 + 2.0 x`. To set an absolute value(3000s) use: `3000 + 0x`                | object          | `{"costLimitFunction": 900 + 1.5 x, "intervalRelaxFactor": 0.4}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `transitGeneralizedCostLimit`               | A relative limit for the generalized-cost for transit itineraries. The filter compares all itineraries against each other itinerary. If the generalized-cost pluss a `transitGeneralizedCostLimit` is higher than the other generalized-cost, then the itinerary is dropped. The function  Non-transit itineraries is excluded from the filter. The `transitGeneralizedCostLimit` is calculated using the `costLimitFunction` plus the relative(distance in time) cost factor `intervalRelaxFactor` multiplied with the interval in seconds. To set a filter function to be _1 hour plus 2 times cost_ use: `3600 + 2.0 x`. To set an absolute value(3000s) use: `3000 + 0x`                | object          | `{"costLimitFunction": 900 + 1.5 x, "intervalRelaxFactor": 0.4}` |
```
